Number five, correct him, but do it in
the right setting. I have heard many
times that women should never correct a
man because this would emasculate him.
But honestly, I don't think that's the
truth because you are the one and only
person that actually can hold him
accountable. But do it in the right
setting in front of people. Stand up for
him. But then when you're at home, you
two are alone together. You can take him
accountable for what he did. And you do
this by saying, "Listen, yes, I stood up
for you at that dinner because I didn't
want to embarrass you, but honestly, I
need to take you accountable for your
actions. I do not appreciate the way you
handled this. I do not appreciate the
way you spoke to me. And if you will
keep doing that, I won't be able to
stand up for you." This is a way of
correcting a man without making him feel
disrespected, without emasculate him,
embarrassing him. It's always the tone
and the right time when and where you
say things. You as a woman have so much
more power in the relationship than you
think, but you need to exercise this
power carefully and soft in a feminine
way. Number [clears throat] six, speak
life into him. A feminine woman knows
what it does to a man when she tells him
how capable he is. His belief always
stems from the belief you have in him.
And he literally will achieve more when
you praise him more. And with praising,
I don't mean to tell him how big his
muscles are or how good he's looking,
how good this shirt fits him. With
praising, I mean talk about his
character. Talk about his abilities to
solve problems. Talk about how much
better he makes your life on a daily
basis and how much more ease you feel
with him. This again will only make him
want to do more and it also will make
him want to achieve more for you. And
ultimately number seven, a feminine
woman knows that the more she's taking
care of herself, nurturing herself, her
beauty, and her soul, the more she's
radiating energy and aura, the more she
can also give to him. Think about one
day you were super exhausted. How did
you treat people? And then in
comparison, think about a day where you
nurtured yourself, you got a massage,
you put some face mask on, you took a
long bath. How did you treat people
around you then? Exactly. The more you
take care of yourself, the more you can
take care of others. And especially men
live off our energies. When we take care
of ourselves, our energy radiates and we
can take care of our men and they can
take care of us. Let me know in the
comments if you have something else to
add and if you want a part two.